# MSNZoneBackgammon-CSharp
A little restart of my journey to regain nostalgia of Windows XP's Internet Backgammon, Microsoft Zone

The change is that now i tired a bit of, apparently with help to code of ChatGPT, to code with C#. I would agree that its more like successful with C# rather than a python.
Here, i will leave some of my current C# code that when connected to client will provide ongoing connection without disconnection. For now, i reached the part where client accepts the rout packet and wait for lobby packet. Its still going under procedures and works to get it right so i could atleast get to change its state, instead of looping [Connecting to the Internet game server...] to eventually go to (example. beginner) [Looking for another Beginner players...] . When, as far as i know, it means the handshake part and connecting was successful and you wait in servers lobby to get connected to the another player with same position to get connected and trough server move and play a session of Backgammon(basically, an imaginary room full of infinite tables and every one in this case have a backgammon board open and you wander around to search for player with similar knowlege and points to play and get seated at random table to play backgammon), both uses bckg.dll and bckgres.dll to load window, textures and game logistics. Which makes servers only need to, after getting both connected at random ID table, transfer what did the player 1 did and how to transform it to player 2 so he can see what player 1 did and vice versa.

If you want to help me, i will constantly go and update server here. Just the improvments, if i get to pass trough lbby handshake i will post the success. For now it can accept rout packet.
